OEP for frontend dependency upgrade (#513)
openedx/open-edx-proposals: oeps/best-practices/oep-0011/decisions/0007-renovate.rst

Use Renovate to keep frontend requirements file up-to-date
##########################################################

Status
******

Pending

Context
*******

> To keep the micro-frontends(MFEs) of Open edX up-to-date, use some tool to autoamte the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep the micro-frontends(MFEs) of Open edX up-to-date, use some tool to automate the process.
```

> To keep the micro-frontends(MFEs) of Open edX up-to-date, use some tool to autoamte the process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To keep the micro-frontends(MFEs) of the Open edX codebase up-to-date, use some tool to automate the process.
```
